Add towncrier to produce changelog (#541)
Uninett/Argus-frontend: CHANGELOG.md

# Changes
This file documents all changes to Argus-frontend. This file is primarily meant to be read by developers.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

> This project uses [*towncrier*](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/) and the changes for the upcoming release can be found in <https://github.com/Uninett/Argus-frontend/tree/master/changelog.d/>.

Reviewer: IMHO, a relative link to the current repo is better (also, we don't have to change it later, when the github URL changes):

```suggestion
This project uses [*towncrier*](https://towncrier.readthedocs.io/) and the changes for the upcoming release can be found in the [changelog.d/](./changelog.d/) directory.
```
